README.md, before:

# AdventOfCode
Advent of Code adventures in C++ adventofcode.com/

# 2024 Languages by folder

- 2024/solution1 - Python3: run with `python3 main.py`
- 2024/solution2 - Java-11: compile with `javac -source 8 -target 8 src/Main.java` and run with `java -cp src Main`
- 2024/solution3 - C++-17
- 2024/solution4 - C++-17
- 2024/solution5 - C++-20
- 2024/solution6 - C++-17
- 2024/solution7 - Haskell: compile with `ghc ./main.hs` and run with `./main`
- 2024/solution8 - Kotlin: just open Kotlin project in IDEA Community and run it, or: compile with `kotlinc src/Main.kt -include-runtime -d solution8.jar` and run with `java -jar solution8.jar`
- 2025/solution9 - C++-17
- 2024/solution10 - C++-17
- 2024/solution11 - C++-17
- 2024/solution12 - C++-20
- 2024/solution13 - Python3: run with `python3 main.py`
- 2024/solution14 - C++-17
- 2024/solution15 - C++-20
- 2024/solution16 - C++-17
- 2024/solution17 - C++-17
- 2024/solution18 - C++-17
- 2024/solution19 - C++-17
- 2024/solution19 - C++-17
- 2024/solution20 - C++-17
- 2024/solution21 - C++-17
- 2024/solution22 - C++-20
- 2024/solution23 - C++-17
- 2024/solution24 - C++-20
- 2024/solution25 - C++-17

# 2025 Languages by folder

- 2025/solution01 - Python3: run with `python3 main.py`
- 2025/solution02 - TODO
- 2025/solution03 - TODO
- 2025/solution04 - TODO
- 2025/solution05 - TODO
- 2025/solution06 - TODO
- 2025/solution07 - TODO
- 2025/solution08 - TODO
- 2025/solution09 - TODO
- 2025/solution10 - TODO
- 2025/solution11 - TODO
- 2025/solution12 - TODO

Commit message:

2025 Solutions draft, solutions 4, 5, 6, 7, 9 are at least somewhat readable

README.md, after:

# AdventOfCode
Advent of Code adventures in C++ adventofcode.com/

# 2024 Languages by folder

- 2024/solution1 - Python3: run with `python3 main.py`
- 2024/solution2 - Java-11: compile with `javac -source 8 -target 8 src/Main.java` and run with `java -cp src Main`
- 2024/solution3 - C++-17
- 2024/solution4 - C++-17
- 2024/solution5 - C++-20
- 2024/solution6 - C++-17
- 2024/solution7 - Haskell: compile with `ghc ./main.hs` and run with `./main`
- 2024/solution8 - Kotlin: just open Kotlin project in IDEA Community and run it, or: compile with `kotlinc src/Main.kt -include-runtime -d solution8.jar` and run with `java -jar solution8.jar`
- 2025/solution9 - C++-17
- 2024/solution10 - C++-17
- 2024/solution11 - C++-17
- 2024/solution12 - C++-20
- 2024/solution13 - Python3: run with `python3 main.py`
- 2024/solution14 - C++-17
- 2024/solution15 - C++-20
- 2024/solution16 - C++-17
- 2024/solution17 - C++-17
- 2024/solution18 - C++-17
- 2024/solution19 - C++-17
- 2024/solution19 - C++-17
- 2024/solution20 - C++-17
- 2024/solution21 - C++-17
- 2024/solution22 - C++-20
- 2024/solution23 - C++-17
- 2024/solution24 - C++-20
- 2024/solution25 - C++-17

# 2025 Languages by folder

Solutions can be build into the folder `build` by command `cmake -B build -S .`

- 2025/solution01 - Python3: run with `python3 main.py`
- 2025/solution02 - Haskell: compile with `ghc ./main.hs` and run with `./main`
- 2025/solution03 - C++-20
- 2025/solution04 - TODO
- 2025/solution05 - TODO
- 2025/solution06 - TODO
- 2025/solution07 - TODO
- 2025/solution08 - TODO
- 2025/solution09 - TODO
- 2025/solution10 - TODO
- 2025/solution11 - TODO
- 2025/solution12 - TODO
